1. Introduction
1.1 Description of the Problem
The population of London has grown considerably over the last decades. London is very diverse. It represents what is called the reflection of the old British Empire. In London, you can get fresh food supplies from Africa. One begins to wonder how efficient the supply mechanism is.

The real deal is that as much as there are many fine restaurants in London – Asian, Middle Eastern, Latin and American restaurants, you can struggle to find good place to dine in the finest of West African cuisine that has combination of Nigerian, Ghanaian, Cameroonian, Senegalese and more.

Eating in a cosy environment with a blend of multicultural background and finely made West African dishes, on time and on point in a London location accessible to tourists, within central London and not far from the "unofficial" capital african market place - Peckham.

1.2 Discussion of the Background
My client, a successful restaurant chain in Africa is looking to expand operation into Europe through London. They want to create a high-end restaurant that comes with organic mix and healthy. Their target is not only West Africans, but they are pro-organic and healthy eating. To them every meal counts and counts as a royal when you eat.

Since the London demography is so big, my client needs deeper insight from available data in other to decide where to establish the first Europe “palace” restaurant. This company spends a lot on research and provides customers with data insight into the ingredients used at restaurants.

1.3 Target Audience
Considering the diversity of London, there is a high multicultural sense. London is a place where different shades live. As such, in the search for an high-end African-inclined restaurant, there is a high shortage. The target audience is broad, it ranges from Londoners, tourists and those who are passionate about organic food.


2. Data
2.1 Description of Data
This project will rely on public data from Wikipedia and Foursquare.

2.1.1 Dataset 1:
In this project, London will be used as synonymous to the "Greater London Area" in this project. Within the Greater London Area, there are areas that are within the London Area Postcode. The focus of this project will be the nieghbourhoods are that are within the London Post Code area.

The London Area consists of 32 Boroughs and the "City of London". Our data will be from the link - Greater London Area <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_areas_of_London >
